hey boys and girls welcome back it's me
keith the Miss prank on welcome to a
special edition now what do I have for
this week well recently i've purchased
some packs and you know i thought i
would continue to open them and this
week i have 7th edition you know I've
been trying to pick up some of the more
unusual and odor sets pretty much the
cards with the old card face and see how
I do so here we go this I have two packs
so we shall see how I did hopefully you
know this is right around the time that
you know coils were fairly new so
hopefully we'll get something good in
here and right off of that I have a
counterspell so I can't really complain
so much but let's see I got a
counterspell as I just said a trained
armed adan nausea a cloud chaser eagle a
lightning elemental and reclaim that's
not so bad blood pet circle protection
green stone rain there's a classic very
useful card I even use it in a type one
tech line merfolk of the parole trotted
okay now as for my uncommons I got a
compost for exeunt Hulk and nocturnal
rape and then we got an island is my
land and then my rare yeah my rare is an
awk so you know I mean other than that
island not have to say that that counter
style is probably the most useful card I
got on the pack so here's hoping that
the second one is a
little more a little more productive
let's see how things go oh I think I see
some black in there maybe I got a foil
I'll do the involved barbarians sleight
of hand redwood tree folk a looming
shade disenchant okay not so bad
disenchant flight grizzly bears oh here
we go I got a dress so set that one
aside um shield-wall a goblin digging
team and then as my uncommons I got a
staunch defenders marble diamond and
then an orchid sparkling and then my
rare is a northern paladin which is a
slight improvement over the last deck
and then yes I did see some live in
there I got a foil forest so you know I
could probably get rid of the
counterspell and address fairly easily
and then you know a foil forest you know
that that's something that a lot of
people might not mind some life having
in there EDH deck or something of the
sort so yeah I mean that's the kind of
what you what you would expect I mean
once the set gets much older and it does
settles there are a lot of cards that at
one point we thought hey this is pretty
good and now it's like an so I mean
unfortunately that's what most people
tell you you should leave the order
product unopened so there you go I hope
you enjoyed yourself and for those of
you watching subscribing I thank you
very much and until then I'll see you
soon so take care